# glonamespace
(so far experimental and very incomplete) very general efficient scalable p2p global namespace for securehash-named constants, ip:port/varname, PKI/digital-signatures, and vars whose value is defined by max known function(possibleVarValue)->score, for arbitrary bytestrings, maps, lists, n dimensional arrays. Values may include such names.
<br><br>
send to potential upnp peers only your ip:port address, suggesting they http to you to explore your sparse state (incl some hashnamed immutables and mutable vars). can get multiple var values at once, recirsively sparsely deep. in some cases limit bandwidth by cx, giving out urls to u that have mutable var of how much bandwidth is left there, which can be transferred within same server. /serversvar /const /fuzzyrecogvar. pointers can be to any of these, such as to whatever the max time digsigned by a certain pubkey, or ufnode goalfuncnamespace var, or ip:port/servervar/varname, or const by hashname, openended expandable. var name sha2$59$bbb...base64hash is a var that refers to anything of that len that produces that hash. var names are each a bitstring, in that case a dup varname of a shorter binary form. every var at every time has a bitstring value and 0 or more possible compressed-forest-tlapplike values to efficiently implement maplist etc. a vars name must also contain its type as any arbitrary bitstring. every ip:port must have a sparse view of the same public web, such as ip:port/root/varsof[anyip:anyport]/... so it only talks about itself in thirdperson and may talk about others similarly. or ip:port/protocols/dfghhashname/... a literal bitstring is a var prefixed by a byte that means literal, and its value is 1 smaller than its name. therefore no literals n maps etc, only varnames. every var has bytestring name and at each time a bytestring value, and forestsparserecursive views like tlapp. since servers are groups of some vars only they can write, instead of sending ur ip:port to a server, send a varname to a varname, and any computers mentioned in that name (such as ip:port) will take it as a suggestion to look at current value of that var. a var name can be sha2hashddf or ip:port/const/sha2hashddd (has same value) to suggest that it and related hash vals may be found there.
